# Python_Scripts
All the Python scripts I have written over the course of my PhD that I have found most useful. Most of them are intended solely for my own use and have very specific uses, however, there are some that have more general usage and are noted as such
They are separated into the groups:

*********************
**pySALESetup files**
*********************

The files involved in the pre-processing tool 'pySALESetup'.
This includes the module, a number of files I work with, that use it, and 
several examples, which are denoted as such. This folder also contains grain 
generation and sorting routines.
pySALESetup has been discontinued in this branch and a whole new repo has been
created for its development. This new module is intended to be used by others and
the code has been written appropriately.


************************
**Hugoniot Calculation**
************************

These scripts are ones I use to calculate Hugoniots from simple 2D planar 
impact simulations in iSALE. They are typically designed to use multiple
suites of simulations and generate several Hugoniots at once. Two methods
are used in these.


************
**Diagrams**
************

Each script in this folder produces a diagram relevant to my work using
matplotlib.

*****************
**grain library**
*****************

A series of text files, each represents a 'grain' to be used in conjunction
with pySALESetup where necessary. Each grain is present in a fully resolved
state and as a series of normalised cartesian coordinates. Like pySALESetup
this library is in the process of being migrated to the new module repo. 

***********************
**plotting & analysis**
***********************

Scripts I have used to analyse individual particle beds and
plot the data generated by simulations where Hugoniots are not wanted.

***********************
**misc_and_testing**
***********************

Several simple scripts that don't have a place anywhere else. Those in tests/
are not intended for use by anyone except me, however, misc/ contains several useful
files that can be used. decolor.py is a script to extract data from colormaps, for example.
It needs more work, however, and is not finished.
